Add notes on debugging cluster creation (#640)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api-provider-azure: docs/development.md

      - [Customizing the cluster deployment](#customizing-the-cluster-deployment)
      - [Creating the cluster](#creating-the-cluster)
    - [Debugging cluster creation](#debugging-cluster-creation)

>     - [Debugging workload cluster creation](#debugging-workload-cluster-creation)

Reviewer: these two debugging sections should be combined into one section (they're both about debugging workload cluster creation), or even a separate doc as discussed in #520. Slight preference for a separate doc because debugging cluster creation steps don't only apply to development, they also apply to users.

make delete-workload-cluster
```

> > Checkout the [troubleshooting guide](trouble-shooting.md) for common errors you might run into.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Check out the [troubleshooting guide](trouble-shooting.md) for common errors you might run into.
```

make create-cluster
```

> > Checkout the [trouble shooting](trouble-shooting.md) guide for common errors you might run into.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Check out the [troubleshooting](trouble-shooting.md) guide for common errors you might run into.
```
